I am very satisfied with your performance. You can go out first.
Mom and I have something to talk about
Du Chen, you heard what we just said
I heard what I should have heard and what I shouldn't have heard anyway
Du Chen, don't misunderstand
We were just talking.
What a 2 billion
You can ask me to borrow it.
I can call your account tomorrow.
You want to lend me 2 billion
I can give you 2 billion
I can also give you hundreds of millions every day.
It depends on how you choose, little mother.
Du Chen, don't do this
I'm your little mother
My dad has been dead for so many years
Are you really going to be a widow?
Or are you having an affair with my brother too?
Du Chen, I warn you not to talk nonsense
I have nothing to do with your brother
Then why are you helping him?
It was the decision of the entire consortium to make him the head of the family
And of course I helped him.
Hum of course
Are you kidding me?
My father's will clearly states that I am the heir
You have to support this Du Feiyu
What do you take for granted
Or you and my brother
There is a secret between you